# Go_Fit Project Proposal

GoFit, is a user driven health application that will support anyone interested in living a healthy lifestyle through careful management of their diet and exercise. GoFit can suggest ideal diet plans among user submitted plans to fit each user’s personal need. Our system will allow users to input/update nutritional value of foods to make extensive nutritional database which simplify diet planning. On the other hand, GoFit can also act like a schedule manager. It will help users to find the balance between their workout and daily life. The application has map function which can help users to find the nearest gym/store. Users can submit their own diet plan/guide/recipe that any other users can follow along with community/forum to discuss and socialize.

To expand on the summary above, GoFit has five main features. First things first, GoFit has the nutrition management which will help users to calculate the amount of nutrients for certain diet combination. Secondly, every user has a profile where the user can enter their data such as age, height, and weight. With these data, GoFit can calculates the Nutrient RDA (Recommended Daily Allowance) for users. Users are also encouraged to update their weight regularly because GoFit will generate a line graph which shows the weight change over a certain period. Just like a social media platform, users can choose to keep their information private or public and share their diet/exercise plans or achievements with other users. Users can also submit their own guide/recipe/diet plan for others to follow. 

In addition, GoFit provides busy users who still care about their health a scheduling system. To start off, users are asked to set up their plans on a timetable or put checkmarks on the time intervals of a week which they are unavailable. With their preferred exercise times and lengths entered, the system will then suggest an optimal exercise schedules for the users. Furthermore, Google Map is also implanted in GoFit allowing users to conveniently access a map to find fitness centers, supplement store, and supermarkets nearby.

An admin has the right to audit and edit any inappropriate or incorrect public data. If time allows, there will also be a button for users to report any public data to admin. 
